So I'm going
to remove my comments here
so that we again
show it all the time
and in the Modal JS file,
I got an on click listener
on the dismiss button
where I admitted this closed event.
Now let's say,
I want to control
whether the model is displayed or not
inside this modal JavaScript file for now
by simply showing or hiding the modal.
Now that is of course,
something we can do
and we can easily do this
by going into the modal CSS file
where we define a style for this.
I'm by the way
not using CSS modules here
but still this is the only file
I used as modal CSS class.
So there we could control
whether it is modal as visible or not
by adding a modal open class
to it when it should be shown
and a modal closed class
when it should not be shown
and then of course,
one trivial way of
sure controlling this is to set display
to block when we have modal open
and display to none,
if it is should be closed
and we should do the same
for the backdrop.
So when you backdrop CSS file,
I'm also going to add
backdrop open and backdrop closed.
Now with div,
we just have to add some codes
to both files to make sure
we actually take advantage of that.
So, first of all
I'm going to refactor this
backdrop component function,
you're into a function
with curly braces where I then
will return to JSX eventually
but before I do so
and that's the reason why
I converted this, I want to create
my classes array basically.
So my CSS classes,
I want to attach here
should be an array.
It should always be backdrop
but then it should be
backdrop open or closed
depending on some prop I receive.
So let's say I check
if props show is true
and only if that is true,
I want to add backdrop open
otherwise I'd add backdrop closed.
Now, finally what I need to do is
I need to attach this class here
so the CSS class is constant
and call join
to join us into a string.
Now with that we can control
the displayer of the backdrop
I'm going to copy that code
into my modal JS file
add there to all refactored is
to take advantage of the fact
that we do have a function
where we don't just return something
but we will return something
before we do so,
I also want to control
my CSS classes here.
So let's make sure
we return the JSX code here too
but then as I just said
we should have CSS classes
where we have modal
and then we have
modal open or modal closed
and I actually used that
as my CSS class name here,
again joining it into one string
with that join method.
Now with that we just need
to pass the show prop
to backdrop and modal.
We can do that
in the app JS file.
There we have a class based component.
Let's now add a state
where we add modal is open
and set this to false.
So let's say at the beginning
and then I will simply
change this state.
So in this class,
I'll add show modal.
That should be a function
where I simply call this set state
and set modal is, open to true
and then I will have
a close modal function
and that of course
is all pretty much straight forward.
Nothing new in the closed modal function
I will set modal is open to false,
just like that.
Show modal and close modal.
Now in the modal component, again
I do call this closed prop
on a click on the dismiss button.
So that is the close prop
is what I should bind
to my close modal method here.
So closed will be equal
to this close modal
and the backdrop and modal,
now both need to receive the show prop
that should be
this state modal is open
because that will determine
whether we want to show
or hide the modal.
Finally, we need a way
to show the modal and we've got this
open modal button here.
Now, all we have to do is
hookup the on click listener there
to this show modal
and now with all these things,
if we save this
we go back to the application.
I click open modal
we see the modal.
I click dismiss, we dismiss it.
Now that's all nice
but we have no animation.
So again, finally,
let's work on this animation
in the next lecture.